now we need work on host onboarding. so in db for eac huser there shoudl is host_onboarding completed if yes then on click + or routing to create tab goes direclty or else it wont go and give host onbiarding ui simple as that. so updatig tble in db. @server/queries.sql so ui and stuff alot to do lets goo. so need to plan it fully the host onboarding. best ui make compnoent and hoo kand stuff and connecting ot server.


lets add auto skelton and branded loader. @client/src/components/ui/BrandedLoader.tsx we have already did the auto skeleton use that deps is there already. so lets go lets see where we gonna apply it. so splash screen to auth to onboarding they don't need anything prbly. maybe use going from screen to scree we need branded loading so can add to on navigation if there is loading so apply just for case if user may need maybe due to server load or something so can do this. now lets come to tabs from tab to tab we can do this brander banner loading then no in events tab in list view fetching event can be skelton card so just do he event card it automatically apply to all. same goes to map view in the bottom we have cards. @client\src\components\EventCard.tsx so check fro all component in the component folder we need to do now in search need to have list of skelton then location search the event search so list skelton ui loading there. now when we click middle icn gorhom open on click the create step 1 screen open so in short screen create screen there we can do this. so as create has a bachground of webgl so manig sure ti lao we can have now form step 1 to 2 to 3 to 4 we cna have brnaded laoding there too. so inshort in navigation from screen to screen we can have brander banner laoding for search and that type of thing the skeleotn laoding so see alll compnoent file we may need.